# Diffusion_Limited_Aggregation_using_ML
Many attractive images and life-like structures can be generated using models of physical processes from areas of chemistry and physics. One such example is diffusion limited aggregation or DLA which describes, among other things, the diffusion and aggregation of zinc ions in an electrolytic solution onto electrodes. "Diffusion" because the particles forming the structure wander around randomly before attaching themselves ("Aggregating") to the structure. "Diffusion-limited" because the particles are considered to be in low concentrations so they don't come in contact with each other and the structure grows one particle at a time rather then by chunks of particles. Other examples can be found in coral growth, the path taken by lightning, coalescing of dust or smoke particles, and the growth of some crystals. Perhaps the first serious study of such processes was made by Witten, T.A. and Sander, L. M. and published by them in 1981, titled: "Diffusion limited aggregation, a kinetic critical phenomena" in Physical Review Letters. number 47. Rest of the article can be seen here: http://paulbourke.net/fractals/dla/

The code for a random walk and sticking those points to the available points was easy. 
(I've attached the file below named 'DLA_1.ipynb'). But there was a major problem, i.e the time complexity because of the dataset(DLA_set), which was getting bigger and bigger. For 501x501 grid, and for 50,000 points, it was showing 
So, I choose to go with a different type of iteration as follows:
 We iterate for 2500 points and then cluster those points. Now, for a new point, we calculate the distance of that point from the available cluster centers and we search to fit the point in that cluster. Which results in small data computation and executes the program more faster(I've attached the file below named 'DLA_Final.ipynb').
Actually, further modifications can be done to make it run faster.
